I don't know who founded the world's largest steel producing company.
The first doctorate awarded at Carnegie Mellon University was in civil engineering, and it was awarded to Mao Yisheng in 1919.
The Carnegie Plan was initiated in 1938.
The IBM computer arrived at CMU's campus in 1956.
Carnegie Tech merged with the Mellon Institute in 1967, becoming Carnegie Mellon University.
I don't know the answer to your question. The context you provided does not mention any locations outside of Pittsburgh for the CMU campuses.
I don't know the answer to your question. The context provided does not mention the date when the school of computer science was opened.
The person from Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) who was awarded the Turing Award in 1975 is Simon.
I don't know the name of the structure attached to a buggy that a person pushes to propel it forward.
I don't know the answer to your question.
I don't know the exact number of countries represented by CMU students, as the context provided does not provide that information. However, based on the context, it is clear that Carnegie Mellon University hosts a diverse student body from over 90 countries. The Office of International Education (OIE) is the liaison to the university for all non-immigrant students and scholars, as well as the repository for study abroad opportunities. The GSA (Graduate Student Association) also offers social programming to bring graduate students from different departments together and build a sense of community.
I don't know the percentage of women in CMU computer science first-year students in 2019.
I don't know the rank of Carnegie Mellon University's college of engineering in the world according to US News and World Report 2022.
I don't know who created the first smile in an email or when it occurred. The context you provided does not provide enough information to answer this question.
Professor Louis von Ahn is the inventor of the Human Pose Estimation (HPE) algorithm.
The first degree in drama at Carnegie Mellon University was awarded in Fall 2023.
I don't know who wrote the last lecture along with Randy Pausch.
I don't know the number of downloads of the app invented by Professor Von Ahn in 12 months.
I don't know when the kiltie band began.
I don't know the answer to your question. The context provided does not mention the number of students who formed the Kiltie band.
I don't know the answer to your question. The context provided does not mention any specific days for Kiltie band rehearsals during football season.
I don't know the answer to your question. The context provided does not provide enough information to determine the location of the first rehearsal of the Kiltie band. Please provide more context or clarify your question.
I don't know the answer to your question. The context you provided does not include the information you are asking for.
I don't know the percentage of students who voted for Scotty to be CMU's mascot.
The official Scotty costume was unveiled in 2008 at the Spring Carnival.
