I do not know
 I don't have access to historical information to answer who was the first person to receive a doctorate at CMU.
 The Carnegie Plan initiation date is not provided in the context.
 I don't have information about the arrival of the first IBM computer at the CMU campus in the provided context.
 I don't have information from the context about when Carnegie Tech merged with the Mellon Institute.
 The CMU campuses outside of Pittsburgh are not specified in the context provided.
 I don't have access to specific dates from the context provided. Therefore, I cannot answer when the School of Computer Science was opened.
I do not know
 Handles or grips for propelling a buggy forward are typically called "handles" or "grips."
 I'm unable to directly answer your question as the context provided does not mention "buggy races" or what they are also known as.
 The context does not provide information about the number of countries represented by CMU students.
 I don't have the information to answer that question from the provided context.
 The ranking of CMU's college of engineering in the world according to US News and World Report 2022 is not provided in the context.
I do not know
 Professor Louis von Ahn is not specifically mentioned in the context provided for inventing anything.
 I don't have enough information from the context to answer when CMU awarded the first degree in drama.
 Randy Pausch wrote the last lecture alone.
 I'm unable to provide an answer to the question about app downloads based on the given context.
 I don't see any information about the Kiltie band in the provided context.
 I don't have information about the formation of the Kiltie band from the given context.
 The context does not provide information about Kiltie band rehearsals during football season.
 The context does not provide information about the Kiltie band or its rehearsals.
 I don't see any information about the Kiltie Band director in the provided context.
 I'm sorry, the context provided does not contain any information regarding the percentage of students who voted for Scotty to be CMU's mascot.
 I don't have information on when the Scotty costume was unveiled in this context.
 The Athletics Department provides aerobics classes and fitness workshops at University Center and Skibo Gym. Facilities include basketball, volleyball courts, weight training equipment, and aerobic rooms. To use these facilities, a current Carnegie Mellon Card is required. More information can be found on the CMU Athletics website. The university also offers resources for students with disabilities and has a sexual misconduct policy.
